d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Application.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Data.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Domain.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.Identity.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Core.Domain.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Core.Infra.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\DomainValidation.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Twilio.Api.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Application.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Application.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Data.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Data.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Domain.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Domain.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.Identity.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.Identity.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Core.Domain.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Core.Infra.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Twilio.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\Twilio.Api.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\obj\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\obj\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\obj\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC\obj\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.pdb
