d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Site.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Site.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Site.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Application.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.Identity.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Application.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Infra.IoC.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Core.Domain.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Application.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Infra.IoC.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\WebActivator.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Domain.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Data.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Twilio.Api.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Core.Infra.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Domain.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Data.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Data.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Domain.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\DomainValidation.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Dapper.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Application.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Application.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.Identity.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.Identity.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Infra.IoC.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Application.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Infra.IoC.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Infra.IoC.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Core.Domain.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Application.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Infra.IoC.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Infra.IoC.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Domain.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Domain.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Data.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Cadastro.Data.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Twilio.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Twilio.Api.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Core.Infra.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Domain.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Data.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Conteudo.Data.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Data.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Data.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\EscolaVirtual.Vendas.Domain.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Dapper.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\bin\Dapper.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\obj\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Site.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\obj\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Site.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\obj\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Site.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Arquitetura_III\EscolaVirtual.Site\obj\Debug\EscolaVirtual.Site.pdb
